When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	It's a good idea to create a remote repository when you want to share your code with other users so they can contribute with you.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Because if you leave the changes automatically there will be changes published with some features that you haven't finished to develop.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Clone means copy a repository from remote (GitHUB) to local or local to local.
	Forking means cloning a repository from GitHUB to GitHUB.
	Branch means to create a new line of commits when you want to develope a new feature or test something without breaking master code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	Making a fetch, you can make a copy of the remote branch leaving your local branch alone. So you can run git log or git diff to see
	what changes has been made. This way if you are going to be offline for a while you'll be able to update your local copy of the remote 
	branch before you leave and you'll have access to any changes made on the remote since the last time you sync up.

	git pull origin = 1) git fetch origin 2) git merge master origin/master.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	Share my files with other users and trying to explain what changes I've made so other users can try to help me. But looks like it
	would be harder to find a system more efficient than GitHUB.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	It's recommended to make changes in a separate branch when you want to develope a new feature but you want to keep your 
	master code (probably in production) to be completly functional while you are trying or experimenting.